gh-101825: mention, that as_integer_ratio() output is normalized (#101843)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

.. method:: int.as_integer_ratio()

>    Given an integer ``x``, return the tuple ``(int(x), 1)``.

Reviewer: I see what you mean:

```Python
>>> True.as_integer_ratio()
(1, 1)
>>> issubclass(bool, int)
True

```
Although, the `int(x)` feels a little strange to me.

Maybe, if you must include `int(x)`:

```suggested
Given an integer ``x``, return a tuple equivalent to ``(int(x), 1)``.
```

Although, if we must include `int(x)`, maybe a words-only solution similar to your first commit is better. 

Thinking about it a bit more, maybe we don't have to modify the docs for `int.as_integer_ratio()` at all! I guess it is clear enough and it doesn't seem users have complained about it at all. I guess this PR is about noting that the ratios are in lowest terms and this is most important for `float` and `Fraction` and not so much for `int`, as it is quite obvious for the latter.

Reviewer: Yes, I am leaning towards what I said at the end, that the docs for `int.as_integer_ratio()` probably doesn't need to change and that if we think it does, a separate issue regarding it should probably be opened? Sorry to send you on this roundtrip.

Btw, everything I say are just suggestions and you are free to ignore them (:

Author: > Sorry to send you on this roundtrip.

No, that might make sense.

> Although, if we must include int(x), maybe a words-only solution similar to your first commit is better.

It was much more verbose.  The current text is short and does explain everything (I hope).

Reviewer: Just to clarify - what I meant is that maybe this PR doesn't have to change the wording for `int.as_integer_ratio()` at all (i.e. not even to mention that it is in lowest terms and leave the current live documentation for this as is).

I agree that the docs for `int.as_integer_ratio()` can be made more succinct and clear, similar to what we were discussing, but my personal opinion is that a new issue may be more appropriate. That's just an opinion though :). If someone decides it can be changed in this PR, I wouldn't be against that either :).

Author: Ok, this was reverted to the original patch.

   integer and with a positive denominator. The integer ratio of integers
   (whole numbers) is always the integer as the numerator and ``1`` as the

>    denominator.

Reviewer: What are your thoughts on something like this? I personally find it a little bit awkward to be told the denominator will always be positive - I only want to know that the denominator is always 1.

```suggestion
   Given an integer ``x``, ``x.as_integer_ratio()`` returns the tuple
   ``(x, 1)``.
```

Author: "Given an int x, return the tuple (x, 1)." ?

Reviewer: +1 from me!

.. method:: float.as_integer_ratio()

   Return a pair of integers whose ratio is exactly equal to the

>    original float, is in lowest terms and with a positive denominator.  Raises

Reviewer 2: Suggest a new sentence here for readability.
```suggestion
   original float. The ratio is in lowest terms and has a positive denominator.  Raises
```

.. method:: float.as_integer_ratio()

   Return a pair of integers whose ratio is exactly equal to the

>    original float, is in lowest terms and with a positive denominator.  Raises

Reviewer: Are the two spaces in front of `Raises` intentional?

Author: Perhaps, that's an Emacs thing (see the gnu coding standards), not something required by PEP 257.  I just don't touch this.

Reviewer 3: They are; it's an extremely old readability convention. Though, not enforced.
